README.md, before:

# Hacktoberfest Practice Pull Requests

Repo for you to raise a Pull Request for practice.

**Just add your name to the end of the list and optionally, a link to your GitHub account**

## How to contribute

1. Fork the project
2. Make any changes in your forked repo
3. On this repo, click `Pull Requests` and raise a `Pull Request` selecting your fork on the right drop down

Questions can be asked by raising an `Issue`.

## How to clone repo and make changes locally

```
  click on the clone button (green in colour)

```

  - Using git on your local machine

```
 git clone https://github.com/eddiejaoude/hacktoberfest-practice.git

 ```

- Make a new branch
```
   git checkout -b <name of new branch>

```


- Make changes in your repo
```
  touch text.txt
  echo "Hallo world" > text.txt
  git add text.txt

 ```
 - Commit the changes

 ```
 git commit -m "Initial commit"

 ```

 - Check the staus of your repository
 ```
  git status

 ```

 - Pushing your repository to github

 ```

 git push origin <name of your branch>

 ```


 - Pulling your request

 ```
 click on pull request

 ```


## Hacktoberfest community
- [Sajid305](https://github.com/Sajid305)
- [Eddie Jaoude](https://github.com/eddiejaoude)
- [Silas Omurunga](https://github.com/Simbadeveloper)
- [Andrew Cunliffe](https://github.com/andrew-cunliffe)
- [Charlotte Jewer](https://github.com/Charlotte990)
- [Dimo Ivanov](https://github.com/divanoff)
- [Marios Georgiou](https://github.com/MariosGeorgiou)
- [Jaime Jones](https://github.com/jaime-lynn)
- [Suhaas](https://github.com/suhaaskataria)
- [Appygal](https://github.com/appygal)
- [SMak06](https://github.com/SMak06)
- [Tanya Powell](https://github.com/tanyapowell)
- [Rahul](https://github.com/kohli6010)
- [Johanna](https://github.com/Johanna-hub)
- [Josh Callahan](https://github.com/joshcallahan)
- [Mike Hatch](https://github.com/mikeshatch)
- [Ashish Chavan](https://github.com/AshishChavan98)
- [Indu Rupi](https://github.com/indurupi)
- [Conor O Shea](https://github.com/conoroshea1996)
- [Abuzer Asif](https://github.com/abuzerasif)
- [Ahmad Lemine](https://github.com/ahmadlemine/)
- [Nathan Byrne](https://github.com/naefun/)
- [Robert Kay Jr](https://github.com/RobertKayJr/)
- [Ignas Kavaliauskas](https://github.com/ignaskavaliauskas)
- [Ram Pandey](https://github.com/ram2510)
- [Chris Moreton](https://github.com/chris-moreton/)
- [Anton Samper Rivaya](https://github.com/antonsamper/)
- [Pablo Lorenzo](https://github.com/Ll2NZ/)
- [Abhinav Vedmala](https://github.com/mrswagbhinav/)
- [Dušan Tanasić](https://github.com/Duk4/)
- [Satya Abhishek](https://github.com/kashek85)
- [Bhavanshu Jain](https://github.com/bhavanshu-1112)
- [essarrgee](https://github.com/essarrgee)
- [Caden Parker](https://github.com/Ne0nWinds)
- [Raj Vaya](https://github.com/rajvaya)
- [Abdullahi Musa](https://github.com/Abdullahi001)
- [Soumya Sharma](https://github.com/soumyaa1804)

Commit message:

chore(bad): steve jobs just came back from the dead

README.md, after:

# Hacktoberfest Practice Pull Requests

Repo for you to raise a Pull Request for practice.

**Just add your name to the end of the list and optionally, a link to your GitHub account**

## How to contribute

1. Fork the project
2. Make any changes in your forked repo
3. On this repo, click `Pull Requests` and raise a `Pull Request` selecting your fork on the right drop down

Questions can be asked by raising an `Issue`.

## How to clone repo and make changes locally

```
  click on the clone button (green in colour)

```

  - Using git on your local machine

```
 git clone https://github.com/eddiejaoude/hacktoberfest-practice.git

 ```

- Make a new branch
```
   git checkout -b <name of new branch>

```


- Make changes in your repo
```
  touch text.txt
  echo "Hallo world" > text.txt
  git add text.txt

 ```
 - Commit the changes

 ```
 git commit -m "Initial commit"

 ```

 - Check the staus of your repository
 ```
  git status

 ```

 - Pushing your repository to github

 ```

 git push origin <name of your branch>

 ```


 - Pulling your request

 ```
 click on pull request

 ```


## Hacktoberfest community
- [Steve Jobs](https://github.com/stevejobs) Buy more from Apple... Open Source is bad for your health
- [Sajid305](https://github.com/Sajid305)
- [Eddie Jaoude](https://github.com/eddiejaoude)
- [Silas Omurunga](https://github.com/Simbadeveloper)
- [Andrew Cunliffe](https://github.com/andrew-cunliffe)
- [Charlotte Jewer](https://github.com/Charlotte990)
- [Dimo Ivanov](https://github.com/divanoff)
- [Marios Georgiou](https://github.com/MariosGeorgiou)
- [Jaime Jones](https://github.com/jaime-lynn)
- [Suhaas](https://github.com/suhaaskataria)
- [Appygal](https://github.com/appygal)
- [SMak06](https://github.com/SMak06)
- [Tanya Powell](https://github.com/tanyapowell)
- [Rahul](https://github.com/kohli6010)
- [Johanna](https://github.com/Johanna-hub)
- [Josh Callahan](https://github.com/joshcallahan)
- [Mike Hatch](https://github.com/mikeshatch)
- [Ashish Chavan](https://github.com/AshishChavan98)
- [Indu Rupi](https://github.com/indurupi)
- [Conor O Shea](https://github.com/conoroshea1996)
- [Abuzer Asif](https://github.com/abuzerasif)
- [Ahmad Lemine](https://github.com/ahmadlemine/)
- [Nathan Byrne](https://github.com/naefun/)
- [Robert Kay Jr](https://github.com/RobertKayJr/)
- [Ignas Kavaliauskas](https://github.com/ignaskavaliauskas)
- [Ram Pandey](https://github.com/ram2510)
- [Chris Moreton](https://github.com/chris-moreton/)
- [Anton Samper Rivaya](https://github.com/antonsamper/)
- [Pablo Lorenzo](https://github.com/Ll2NZ/)
- [Abhinav Vedmala](https://github.com/mrswagbhinav/)
- [Dušan Tanasić](https://github.com/Duk4/)
- [Satya Abhishek](https://github.com/kashek85)
- [Bhavanshu Jain](https://github.com/bhavanshu-1112)
- [essarrgee](https://github.com/essarrgee)
- [Caden Parker](https://github.com/Ne0nWinds)
- [Raj Vaya](https://github.com/rajvaya)
- [Abdullahi Musa](https://github.com/Abdullahi001)
- [Soumya Sharma](https://github.com/soumyaa1804)
